[docs] Update the etcd restore documentation (#20130)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/040-control-plane-manager/docs/FAQ.md

   cp -r /var/lib/etcd/member/ /var/lib/deckhouse-etcd-backup
   ```

> 1. Put the etcd backup to `~/etcd-backup.snapshot` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy or move the [`etcd-backup.snapshot`](#how-to-manually-backup-etcd) file to the current user's (root) home directory:

   ```shell
   cp /path/to/backup/etcd-backup.snapshot ~/etcd-backup.snapshot
   ```
```
